All right so we got a table done here but we need to bring in some data to show it here to explain it
from our database from our table inside our database right.
So let's go to had two brackets here and where we want to put what we've got to do is make Querrey of
course to bring that data there and we're going to be doing the Querrey right here.
As a matter of fact.
All right.
So we need to bring a couple more things actually in there.
I believe we have all these fields.
Let's check it out right here.
All right.
So this is the data we've got to bring in.
Let's go ahead and start making that Querrey for us and then we worry about what we've got to bring
in.
All right.
So first in that I'm going to take this TR out of here we are going to be doing this and Querrey.
But let's open a Ph.D. tag all right and bring it all the way down here.
That's fine.
Make a little bigger so you can see what I'm doing.
All right.
So let's go ahead and do a Querrey as a matter of fact we already have one.
Let's go ahead and pick one from.
While we.
Some of the files that we have been working with and it's the one from category's Let's take go actually
functions that's where we put everything there.
So let's take this.
Here they Querrey categories.
Take this out go back to post this Peyster right here.
That looks good.
So we're going to select all from where.
Let's make sure that we close that loop before we forget.
OK.
So select all from post-ride that's the name of our table inside a database right there.
All right.
So we select everything and change the name of this like pose and this also Cheniere right here in the
loop.
It fits in.
We're going to bring some values here and they're going to be called something different.
False ID that's going to be the post ID.
I'm going to try to get some of it but when I'm not sure and you're going to look at it.
Right.
And the next is the post after
I think right here.
Yeah.
Make sure you change your eye when others would copy and pasting since this could take a long time.
Well not that long but it does take a little bit of time to type all this if you want to post it and
try to do it yourself.
You can post-Idol.
And I'm just going to do some copying and pasting now.
Actually we said this was going to be the post alter.
Sorry about that later.
All right.
So let's just copy and paste you real quick.
We've got two values there so we need is a couple more.
One two three four five six seven eight nine.
All right.
And let's bring this here.
That's fine.
All right so Post author the next one is title and I'm just going to change this first and then I'm
going to go to the the one category I the it's a column inside the database the table it's inside the
database too.
But this is called on the table because our database is going to get huge right.
And then the image false image.
Here we are bring in the tags.
Here we are bringing in and Paul's comment count I believe and post date.
All right.
Choose me.
So let's go ahead and copy some of this.
I like to copy the whole thing right there.
Title post category.
Actually there are studies
I don't have to name are the same but I do it anyway because all we're doing is than thou value right.
And I got a little extra court right there there's.
All right old date.
All right perfect.
I think we're good.
Let's echo something out.
Let's check it out.
I see what we get.
All right let's see if this works.
And we have our thing right here let's go back and refresh and we're seeing the dates right there for
two post that we got in our database.
All right.
So the next thing is to because we are inside a T body there we need to echo there's all this in a row
and each of those rows are going to have right now we've got two posters that's going to be two rows
right.
So we're going to call a roll every time we have all these fields.
So that way because all this is included in one post.
So this would be all of this would be one row.
All of this would be one row two rows and we want our loop to keep reproducing the rule.
Every time he has all these data in sight.
All right.
So we're getting close.
All that data inside a row.
Every time he looks around is going to loop everything at the same time including the rolls.
So every time he goes around he creates one row with all this information in there and I keep that clear
and let's call some CDs this close in.
All right.
And let's just do a couple copy and paste there
one two three four five six seven two more I think it's the magic number.
Let's move this a little bit and let's get it done with this.
We also forgot to do this but I'll leave you to it.
So you can do that on your own.
All right.
Put brackets around their curly brackets right.
So they'll forget.
That's really good to distinguish a cold from the rest of the mouth and say they're post-Idol category
ID.
That is
for image.
We've got to do something with the image later on but let's get all these data here first because remember
what we are actually displaying right now is for the image as a reference.
We need to display that EMG here.
So we got the Palm post comment and let's call the post day or so.
All right.
So I think we're done with this right.
Whoops.
I call on expect the echo in line 64
right.
Why is it doing this.
Check it out.
We forgot to close all this with a semi-colon.
That was part of the copy and paste.
Hey you.
Let's do that.
Perfit we get some data from our table.
All right let's try to fix the image here and try to get it to this play.
Right now the image is being displayed from all the way up here.
Includes actually images.
It's in the root of the file.
All right so we get it we need to go twice.
Right.
We are in Asmund pools and we need to go back to the root and then the images.
So let's do that right here.
Let's create and I am geotag here I am g s r c.
That's the source and it's going to be images and the name of that image.
Well this is going to be the reference for the image right here.
So it's going to be Paul's name
and we need to close the image right there.
I think will do the trick.
You could put a note right here if you want
to see something image
right.
So right now we do it like this.
We just get a little image right here right.
All right.
Let's try to get it to work I think is two that's too big right.
We need to make it it's working but he's breaking everything there.
Let's see if we can use a class here to help this hour.
Let's see if this class will help.
It is a class called class.
I am very responsive I don't know if it's going to help this.
I am g responsive minor help.
Let's just use it and see if it works for us.
Let me just make sure that
let's take this out of here.
This is breaking all my code right here
almost making it this more I want you to see it.
So that's why I am
pulling this all the way down.
All right so with the I am right here.
See if it faces anything.
If something is making it smaller but we need to actually make a lot smaller than that we don't want
to play all this.
Dare I ask a lot of code.
Just making responses or when we are right now is just making it when you see that right now you can
take all that space.
But I don't want it to take all that space.
So I just kind of said it all with and just take it off and just do a with on the image of a hundred.
I think that with Will fits.
Let's see that.
I think that's a lot better than having nothing there right.
So we're going to be fixing this lead on.
We have another image here that we will be updating when we finish this crud.
But anyway we were able to get some data from that database here for our table inside our database and
we got this image actually playing nice with us now.
All right.
So anyway thank you so much and I'll see you in the next lecture to continue doing the post page.
Take care